(basketball game commentary)
Aw, jeez.
Yeah...
(commentary) 5... 4...
Yeah!
Nice!
Okay babe, I'm ready for bed now-
Jeff, were you-
Hey babe.
Just, uh-
Just getting ready for bed.
Were you watching those videos again?
No.
Checking my email.
Aw, you were!
I could hear the music and the screams! We talked about this, honey.
(sighs) Look, baby, it's just a little inspiration before I go to bed.
Uck! Jeff, you are so gross!
What, to put you in the mood for getting into bed with me?
What? Babe, no, it's just-
I like to watch.
It's nothing meaningful.
You have been watching these videos for weeks.
It is disturbing.
Steve. Alright, Steve sent me a clip and said I had to watch it.
Dirty Steve ?!
Look, I don't care what your friends do.
But this is affecting you.
Us!
Oh god, you even have the magazines!
What? No. What magazines?
I like the articles!
They're good!
I'm sorry.
I'll stop, I swear.
That's what you said last night.
And the night before.
I know, but it just keeps getting better!
Jeff, you are unbelieveable.
Maybe, If you, um...
Wanna watch some of these videos with me-
No!
I mean, then you'd understand!
Just give it a chance.
I am not into it!
You're just into that Asian stuff, aren't you?
What?(scoffs) No!
No.
I like watching black people do it.
They're usually better at it, but-
But this guy...
This guy's amazing!
Enough.
I am not cool with it, you better stop.
It's either him, or me.
(whispers) What if we make our own video?
No!
Hello?
Hey! It's Steve!
Did you see the latest Jeremy Lin video?
Send it over.
Don't even think about it.